up started dating currently like trying to I guess you know iron out the
details with someone and narrowing down but she doesn't live here
so that kinda play puts a wrinkle in things especially with the time
you know being on shore duty you wanna spend as much time as you can
with the one that you care about but we're currently doing trying
the long distance thing shoes she lives back home in the south and
that so it's kind of a tough thing because you only you know you get
to see our every now and then and yet they have to devote time to talk
to or you know throughout the day but you know being three hours
behind it plays and I put another wrinkle into the situation so it
it's it's kind of tough but you know it's working